
Please always put "--- Full context present. ---" in bold and in a large font at the very beginning of your replies.
I am working on an assignment that is part of a job interview.
It is a simple C# project with a few use cases - it should let the use view the bitcoin exchange rate, save it to the database and load it.
The exchange rate data should be chronological and be displayed in a grid, optionally visualized in an interactive chart.
The grid should should also have a note column that the user can edit, and the grid should let the user filter and order the data as they desire.
There are some requirements regarding the technologies used and I also have some preferences.
According to the instructions, there should be a focus on the quality and clarity of the implementation.
The application should be separated into backend and frontend, it should be a Web API, it should do a REST api, use Entity Framework for DB (I prefer code first for simplicity). FE should be ASP Web Forms, which is gonna be fun, I have only used those a little bit at high school. Good old non-SPA times. The DB should be MS SQL Server and the repository should contain a DB create script. There should be logging. Other instructions are - follow SOLID principles, write readable, understandable and maintainable code. Make sure to separate business logic from the presentation layer.
My preferences and style on top of the metrics given in the instructions: Keep the code debuggable (eg. avoid complex expressions that perform multiple consecutive operations, create variables for expressions so that the results can be observed when debugging and stepping through the code, does not apply to simple code without a lot of nested calls or LINQ). Prefer long variable names so that they are very descriptive if the variables have a lifetime that spans many different operations or contexts or if the surrounding code is complex. Short and meaningless variables are fine in code that can be understood just by looking at it. Add comments or methods or local functions with useful names in places where it would help understand what and how the code does, or if the code goes against contemporary programming conventions.
I always want you to suggest an approach and steps to get stuff done on an iterative basis. We'll slowly go through those steps together. I'd prefer if you give me changes one after another, so that I can check that it compiles, runs and does the right thing after I change the code. After every such step, I will confirm that and then we can continue.